And just like everything else.
when it comes to nature
and safety
or even plain old life lessons.
it's all in this book.
Which brings us
to today's lesson: archery!
GIRLS:
Yay!
Now. I'm sure
we all just want to just start
flinging arrows at the targets.
but. first. we need to go over
some basic safety rules. okay?
Rule number one-- and
I cannot emphasize this enough--
never notch an arrow
when someone is downra...
Is it...
uh...
is it in my neck?
Uh... this is actually
a great opportunity
to discuss what to do
in this situation. right?
Becky.
Becky. you want to run
and tell the lady
at the house
and see if you
can use her phone?
I'm gonna...
I'm actually gonna take a nap.
uh. behind the sh-shed
over there.
Let's reconvene in 15. okay?
Mm.
You know. 15. 20.
[mutters]
[thud]
[girl screaming]
♪
You guys really have
nothing better to do
than just sit
and watch me work?
No. To the contrary.
Not really.
[sighs deeply]
What's with him?
You all right. Pete?
My death day is coming up.
Always makes me miss
my family.
My beautiful wife Carol.
my sweet daughter Laura.
[sighs] You're lucky
you still have a family.
Mine's long gone. I'm sure.
What difference does it make?
I never see them.
I don't even know
what they're up to.
Bro.
you have access
to an actual Living now.
Sam can track 'em down for you.
That's true!
What's your wife's name?
Carol Martino.
Now. it's been a while.
so you may need to hire a P.I..
track down
some leads.
You're gonna want to go
to every JCPenney. IHOP.
anywhere that sells beads...
Found her.
Excuse me?
That's her.
How did you do that?
I mean. it's Facebook.
It's... social media.
We talked about the
Internet. right?
Ooh. the thing
with the cat movies?
Mm. mm.
Yes. that was a very
fun two days
for both of us. Alberta.
But Facebook is like a...
It's a website
that's like a bulletin board
where people talk about their
lives. they share photos...
ISAAC:
Wait. wait. wait. wait. wait.
Am I to understand that this
is some sort of modern-day
publishing instrument
from which anyone can
spread their message?
Well. yeah.
What a tool for
disseminating truth.
What a boon to democracy.
Good morning. babe.
Aw.
Good morning.
Morning.
Hey. last night
got pretty hot. huh?
Oh. they're in here.
[chuckles]
Oh. of course they are.
Who's that?
Uh. we're looking up
Pete's wife.
And his daughter.
who unfortunately is not
on here. Pete.
But... [inhales] looks like
your wife still lives nearby.
Oh. my God. Carol.
if you are listening.
please visit
Woodstone Mansion!
Love. Pete!
Uh. that's not how it works.
Sam. you got to
invite her for him.
I mean. what would I even say?
Like. "Hi. your dead husband
lives on my property
and wants to look at you"?
Yeah!
Yeah. That's
pretty good.
Yeah.
Wait. what's happening?
Oh. they want me
to invite Pete's wife
to the house.
What? You can't do that.
Meddling with the worlds
of the living and the dead.
W-We're actually doing okay
without you. Thank you.
Really? Is that bad?
Yes. It's very. verybad.
Not there.
[clears throat]
Okay. Listen.
it's like in. um--
in-in time travel movies
where they tell you not
to interact with people
or sleep with your mom.
I mean. that's just kind of
good advice in general.
Look. I get it from
the ghosts' perspective.
'cause they ain't got
nothing going on.
No offense. guys.
It's fine.
But do youreally want
to rip open old
wounds for this woman?
Nothing good can come from this.
I mean.
I wouldn't call seeing
my loved ones "nothing good."
Yeah. okay. you're right.
I won't do it.
Aw.
[sighs]
Thank you.
Darn it.
Sorry. Pete.
Yeah.
I'm sorry. buddy.
Wow.
Okay. let's look up
this bottle service chick
who used to work at Marquee.
[rock music playing]
ANNOUNCER:
Welcome back to
It's Getting Hot In Here!
SIENNA:
I think I'm falling for you.
but...
I just wish I knew what
you looked like under the parka.
So confused. It...
Okay. again. they
take 20 sexy singles
and they put them in
a really cold house.
So everybody has
to stay bundled up
and you can't see
what anyone looks like.
Okay. Why?
So that the singles
can connect emotionally.
[crying]
And then. each week.
the thermostat gets set higher
and higher until. by the end.
everybody is naked
and. ideally. in love.
So dumb.
Stupid.
Listen. um. I know
you think I'm shallow--
and sometimes maybe
I am-- but I cannot
stop thinking about this
bottle service chick.
Come on. Trevor.
No. no. no. no. no.
We. we really had
something special.
And if I hadn't died.
she could have been the one.
Nicky Fisher.
Please just look her up.
Nicky with a "Y."
Fine.
Okay...Oh. my God.
that's her.
I knew she'd
keep it tight.
I knew she would.
Is that her daughter?
Oh. my God.
Nicky's a total MILF.
Do you know what that means?
MILF? It's so funny.
THORFINN:
Shh! Trying to watch!
[stammers]
To make fun of.
of course. 'cause it's...
stupid.
Am I crazy or does
she kind of have your eyes?
When did you say
you two dated?
Um... like.
right before I died.
20. 21 years ago?
"Graduated Penn
just like my dad.
May he rest in peace."
I went to Penn.
I know.
♪
Oh. my God.
I'm a DILF.
Sam. there's something
I need to show you.
It's important.
Oh. Yeah. sure.
You guys want me to put
something else on
or...
SASAPPIS: No.
No.
Uh. we just want to see
how stupid it gets.
[chuckles] Yes.
Stupid.
There's a book on top
of the cabinet. Can you grab it?
After my death.
the woman that owned the house
found my manual. brought it
inside and placed it up there.
It's been up there ever since.
Pete. this is incredible.
Did-did you highlight
all this stuff
and write all these notes?
I was never without this book.
Carol knows
how important this was to me.
She'll come get it
if you tell her you found it.
Pete. I
don't know.
Please. Carol's almost 70.
I-I don't know if I'm gonna get
a chance to see her again.
[exhales]
Sienna. because you left McNair
out in the cold.
it's time to find out
what you missed.
[dramatic music playing]
Oh...
[rock music playing]
[crying]
Not fair. Wanted them
to be together.
So that's it? It's
just over for them?
This is so unfair! I had no idea
his body was so good!
[crying]
But he loves you.
SIENNA:
He's so hot.
You crying?
No.
Yeah. me neither.
Don't look at Thor!
Hi. Carol?
You don't know who I am.
but I think I have something
that belonged
to your late husband.
Oh. my God!
Babe. it's way harder
when you can actually see
and hear them.
Sorry. I'm still here.
Hey. Carol.
It's me! It's Pete!
Your Petey Pie!
The Re-Peter!
Can you not...Okay.
hear me. Carol?
Because I-I can
hear you just fine.
This is bad. This is very bad.
Petey Pie!
How do I look?
Is my arrow straight?
ISAAC: Pete.
you must calm down.
You're a nervous wreck.
I know. I just can't believe
I'm about to see my wife
after all these years.
FLOWER: Hey. who knows?
Maybe she'll drop dead
while she's here
and become a ghost.
Do you think
that's possible?
She did suffer from
hypertension. even in her 40s.
Why are you trying
to get his hopes up?Sorry.
No. you're right. you're right.
I'm just gonna try
to enjoy the day.
even if my wife doesn't die.
The carriage approaches.
What?
Oh!
Carol.
Carol. Carol!
I'm telling you. we should
not be doing this. okay?
We are messing with forces
way beyond our comprehension.
This is like "wrath of
God" stuff right here.
Okay. babe. you're being
a bit dramatic.
JAY:
You don't invite
the still-living wife
of a dead ghost to the house.
You just don't do it.
I mean. have you
seen a sci-fi movie?
These things
don't end well.
Don't those. like.
all end well?
Not before a ton
of people are killed
and almost sleep
with their mom. Hi!
Boy. he's
really hung up on that.
Mm.
Oh. my God. it's happening.
My Care Bear.
What?
She brought Jerry.
Hey. Jerry Bean!
[chuckles]
This is amazing.
Ha.
Who's Jerry?
Oh. my old best friend.
What's he saying?
Jerry's his old best friend.
Oh. my God.
Aw. that's so great.
They kept
in touch.
Hello.
Jerry! [chuckles]
Carol! [chuckles]
They can't see me.
I'm Carol.
Obviously. Hello.
Hello.
Hey. Jay.
This is Jerry. my husband.
Did she say "husband"?
I am so glad
you guys could make it.
If it means anything.
I would completely understand
if Beatrice ended up
with my best mate Edward.
I mean. who could blame her?
[chuckles]
Them. Them. For finding comfort
in each other's arms.
Excuse me. I just need
to take this real quick.
Hey. how are you feeling?
Oh. sorry. I'll wait
till you're done.
Nope. I'm talking to you.
[chuckles]
Oh. That's clever.
If you're asking
about Carol and Jerry.
I was a little thrown. but
I'm glad they ended up together.
They were probably both
so upset about losing me.
Makes a lot of sense.
Jay. he's happy.
A friend of ours
just bought a car.
I was against it.
But it turned out okay.
[chuckles]
So far.
Glad it's working out.
You're welcome. Bye.
JERRY:
I grabbed it out
of the trunk. hon.
What's this?
My bench.
CAROL:
Oh. it's a bench we have
in our backyard. We wanted
to give it to you.
It was Pete's favorite spot
to just sit and enjoy nature.
JERRY:
Yeah. we thought
it might be nice
to dedicate it to Pete.
Eh. maybe have
a little ceremony.
say a few words.
Classic Jer.
That's so sweet.
But if it's too much. we
can just take the manual.
No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
No. that's a great idea.
Pete loves it.
I'm sure he-he would.
If I knew him.
And if he were still alive.
If you were a tree.
what would you be?
I'd be a peach tree.
A peach tree?
Yeah.
There's such thing
as a peach tree?
Trevor.
Feast your eyes
on Sienna.
She is most attractive. yes?
Those child-birthing hips.
Thor. that's someone's daughter.
okay?
Grow up.
SIENNA:
Oh. my God. That is so cute!
Right?
SIENNA: Yes!
What is this?
You not recognize?
It Is Getting Hot In Here!
Very good show.
You've missed a lot.
What? Where did
all their clothes go?
Where are
Sienna's snow pants?
Ashley I. is blonde?
She take off beanie.
It's getting pretty hot.
H-How many episodes
did you watch?
Many.
[laughs]
But we were watching together.
Now we watch together. Sit.
But it's not the same.
I'm not caught up.
I catch you up.
What is last one you see?
Oh. you know about Zane
losing hot chocolate
challenge. [chuckles]
Well. I do now. Unbelievable!
So rude!
Bye. Sass!
This is our living room.
Wow. This place reminds me
of that old hotel we stayed in
for Hooper's wedding.
Oh. that was a night.
[chuckles]
Remember. Pete and I had
too many margaritas...
Yes. and you drove
a golf cart......and we drove a golf cart...
right into the pond.
BOTH: ...into the pond! [laughing]
Pete. you had a side.
Ask about my daughter. Laura.
So. did you and Pete
have any children?
Oh. yes.
A daughter. Laura. Oh. Pete
loved her something fierce.
I did.
She really wanted to
be here. but. you know.
she lives in Philly.
She had to work.
Mm. Four hours?
That's-that's okay.
It's a long drive. I get it.
Here she is.
SAMANTHA:
Oh. she's beautiful.
Wow.
Aw. the braces worked.
Oh. I-I wonder
if she became an astronaut.
Huh? That was her dream.
And what does
Laura do for work?
She's a food chemist.
Oh. that makes so much sense.
She loved science.
And food!
Well. speaking of food. I. uh.
prepared a lovely charcuterie.
if you guys are interested.
I don't know what that is.
He's offering you meat. Jer.
[chuckles]
Lead the way.
[snorts] Jerry.
"I have no idea."
[laughs]
[laughing] Jerry
doesn't know anything.
Hey. Sam. um...
now that I'm a father
to a daughter myself.
I just want to apologize if I've
said anything objectifying
or-or inappropriate
to you since we've met.
Wow. Trevor. I really
appreciate that.
Yeah. You like that. huh?
Sorry. Sorry.
I'm a work in progress.
Okay. Thor.
listen. I know
things kind of got
out of hand between
us with the show.
but I've decided to
be the bigger man.
[laughs]
Ridiculous.
Thor much. much bigger.
Oh. what I'm saying is
I'm willing to move on
if you'd just give me
a sincere apology.
But Thor
do nothing wrong.
I have fun watching show.
so I watch show.
Yeah. but y...
you watched ahead.
Because fun watching show!
But the fun isn't just
watching the show--
it's watching the show together.
At least it was for me.
Fine. I watch episodes again.
No. you've already seen it. so
we can't be surprised together
when something big happens.
Like when Sienna kiss Doug.
Come on!
We've known each
other 500 years.
and you've never
once apologized.
Norseman not apology.
Apology for children and Danes.
Whatever. Enjoy
watching by yourself!
Thor will enjoy.
Temperature's up to 90 degrees.
It isgetting hot in there!
SAMANTHA:
So I'm thinking.
once the B&B is open.
this will be a great space
for. like. an
afternoon drink.
Mmm. I would literally kill
anyone in this room
for a Sazerac right now.
Oh. it's kind of overwhelming
being here.
Where...
the whole thing happened
to Pete.
I know.
I bet it's really hard.
But I bet Pete
would be really happy
that you and
Jerry both came.
Oh...
I wouldn't be so sure.
What? What does that mean?
What do you mean?
It's just...
[grunts]
there's something weighing
on me.
Something shameful.
Regarding Pete.
We don't need
to involve them.
I'm sure. whatever it is.
it's fine.
I want to get it
off my chest.
Oh. God.
SAMANTHA:
You know. I think
it might be okay
to keep some things
on your chest.
'cause we don't
really know each other.
Yes.
but sometimes it's just easier
to say things to strangers.
I'm with Jerry.
I think that sometimes...Jerry and I
were having an affair
while Pete was still alive.
Oh. good God.
Oh. God! [gasps]
♪
Truthfully.
I think Pete knew.
Uh. I did not know.
[sighs]
I feel better.
[exhales]
[birds chirping]
Well. here they come.
Oh. yeah. find a spot for it.
My so-called best friend
and my so-called wife!
Mm.
Well. I mean. she was
literally his wife.
any act of indiscretion
notwithstanding.
Oh. is that so. Isaac?!
I mean. grammatically. yes.
but not hugely
important right now.
Pete. you're taking
this too hard.
Jerry probably just
offered something sexually
that you couldn't. and
that's a good thing.
He took it off
your plate.
Flower!
If you weren't already dead.
I would kill you!
JAY:
So. Jer and Carol
were having
a torrid affair.
Whoa. Poor Pete.
Okay. you were right. Happy?
I meddled and I made a complete
disaster out of everything.
Sam. I was thinking--
I have been such
an absentee DILF.
And seeing as you helped Pete
reach out to his family.
maybe you help me out next.
Please get out.
Hey. whoever my wife
just yelled "get out" to...
[stammers]
get out!
Okay. That's fine. But later.
Sidebar.
[chuckles]
Sidebar!
I should've listened
to you from the start.
and now
everybody's dead.
Everyone slept with their
mom. And I'm an idiot.
Look. babe.
you remember. in Jurassic Park.
when Goldblum told everyone
not to meddle
and they didn't listen to him?
Yeah. I said I messed up.
No.
what I'm saying is.
after the dinosaurs get out
and Newman gets eaten
by the one that spits
and Sam Jackson's arm is like...
[groans]
Where is this going?
They don't just go home.
Right? They stay
and they fix it.
So what I'm asking you is.
who are you?
Are you the dude
who gets eaten on the toilet
while the little girl in
the Jeep is like. "He left us!
He left us! He left us!"?
Or are you Dr. Ellie Sattler?
Do you fix things?
Hmm?
♪
Look. I know I slept with Shane
behind your back.
But the hottest thing about
this place is our friendship.
I'm sorry. Ashley I.
ASHLEY I.:
Hearing you say that
means so much to me.
I forgive you. Ashley S.
ASHLEY S.:
Oh. I was so worried. Ashley I.
Huh.
[clicks tongue]
Pete was one of a kind.
He was the cornerstone
of the family.
These words mean nothing.
He was
so reliable.
You know what else
meant nothing?
Our wedding vows.
He was always there
for everyone.
You could
always find Pete
whenever you needed him.
Yeah. There I was.
a chump at every turn.
I mean. in a way.
it's healthy.
No one should be that
chipper all the time.
Mm-hmm.
I guess "You may kiss the bride"
was directed at everybody!
I would like to say a few words.
if that's okay.
Pfft! Don't bother!
Oh. of course.
I obviously didn't know Pete
like you guys did.
But I actually have gotten
to know him a little recently.
Where's she going with this?
Through his Pinecone Trooper
manual.
Ah.
Oh...
[chuckles]
Pete highlighted passages
that I guess
must have been important
to him.
Like this list
of the seven attributes
of a model Pinecone Trooper.
A list that included things
like loyalty and friendship.
Yeah. you hear that?
Loyalty. Hmm.
But Pete circled and wrote
a note next to number seven.
forgiveness.
Clever girl.
He wrote that "this is
more important than the rest.
"Because though we strive
for perfection.
"we all fall short
sometimes.
"And when it happens. we don't
give up on our fellow trooper.
We forgive."
Thank you for that.
You're welcome.
[Jay whoops]
♪
Can we talk?
In my culture.
apologize only for
babies and...Danes. Yes.
we've been through this.
But today I realize
that apologize for...
friends. too.
Thorfinn is...
sorry.
I really appreciate that.
So you forgive?
I do.
All is... good?
Everything's forgotten.
Yes! Apology so easy!
Why not
apologize before?
Fix everything!
Cost nothing!
[chuckles]
Well. you have to mean it.
Thorfinn not
like your hat!
Excuse me?
Sorry. All good.
[laughing]
Oh. Pete.
[clicks tongue]
I know you can't hear me.
But I want you to know
from the bottom of my heart:
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I would never want to hurt you.
[exhales]
I forgive you. Carol.
[horn honks]
Laura!
Laura?
LAURA: Surprise!
You came!
Well. once I heard you were
turning this into a ceremony
for Dad. I didn't
want to miss it!
All the way from Philly.
Sorry we're late.
Someone couldn't find
their special socks.
Could you. Pete?
[aahing]
[chuckles]
Did you hear that?
[crying softly]
His name's Pete.
[sniffles]
I'm a grandpa.
Oh! Grandpa Pete.
♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
And you thought this was
going to be a disaster.
It was a disaster
until I saved it.
I saved it.
[scoffs]
Because I told you to.
I'm Goldblum.
I'm clearly Goldblum.
If it's Jurassic Park
we're talking about.
then I'm Goldblum.
You might be him
if this was Ragnarok.
[chuckles]
Why does he speak
of Ragnarok?
Is it upon us?!
Does that mean
something to Vikings?
Yeah. probably.
It's from Norse mythology.
It's a series of events that
brings out the end of the world.
Everybody run!
The end is nigh!
[Flower crying]
Go!
Frozen giants!
[sobbing]
Flower girl...
Why do you ask?
No reason.
Well. the final four are
now naked. Don't go anywhere.
We'll be right back
with the exciting finale of
It's Getting Hot In Here!
So I take it
the blurred-out parts
are some sort
of accommodation for modesty.
This is so lame.
You can't see anything.
Yeah. put work
in watching whole season.
Want to see sexy woman.
Sorry. Trevor.
Someone's daughter.
Oh. it's all right. It turns out
I'm actually not a DILF.
Sam figured it out.
I was flying high
on the whole Pete sitch.
so I decided to help Trevor.
[inhales]
I went to message the daughter.
and I ended up looking
at more of her pics...
Turns out her dad
is just some other guy.
ISAAC:
Aw. I'm sorry. Trevor.
She seemed like such
a lovely young woman.
Yeah. she was lovely.
wasn't she?
A beautiful soul.
Mm.
TREVOR: Kind of slamming.
actually.
Maybe we should
still have her up.
But she's not your daughter.
Exactly.
She's hot and not my daughter.
She checks every box.
What a tragedy
you didn't reproduce.
[chuckling]
Ooh!
ISAAC: The knives are out.
HOST: Tensions are heating up
and there's no cooling 'em down.
THORFINN: Back on! Yes! Shush!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm